Update draft-deshpande-rats-multi-verifier.md (#4)
ietf-rats/draft-deshpande-multi-verifier: draft-deshpande-rats-multi-verifier.md

In a particular deployment, there is a possibility that the two models presented above can be combined to produce a hybrid pattern. For example Verifier 2 in the Cascaded Pattern becomes the Lead Verifier for the remaining Verifers from 3, to N.

# Freshness

> The Verifier needs to ensure that the claims included in the Evidence reflect the lasteste state of the Attester. The Synchronized Clocks, Epoch IDs, and nonce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Verifier needs to ensure that the claims included in the Evidence reflect the latest state of the Attester. Some of the  examples, include synchronized clocks, Epoch IDs, and nonce.
```

can serve this purpose when they are embeded inside the Evidence. The utilization of the Synchronized Clocks and Epoch IDs is the same as the single Verifier
case specified by the RFC9334. For the nonce, in the Lead Verifier case, it is suggested that the nonce is uniquely generated by the Lead Verifier, and the
attester and sub-Verifiers receive the nonce from the Lead Verifier; in the Cascaded Pattern, the nonce for the generation of the evidence is generated by the
first Verifier that the attester contacts. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The Verifier needs to ensure that the claims included in the Evidence reflect the latest state of the Attester. As per RATS Architecture, the recommended freshness is ascertained using either Synchronised Clocks, Epoch IDs, or nonce, embedded in the Evidence.

In the case of Hierarchical Pattern, the Verification of Freshness should be checked by the Lead Verifier. 
 
In the Cascaded Pattern, the freshness is always checked by the first Verifier in communication with either the Attester (Passport Model) or Relying Party (Background Check Model)

```
